[Secure Outputs] Bicep Side Implementations and Testing (#14661)
Azure/bicep: docs/experimental-features.md

### `resourceTypedParamsAndOutputs`
Enables the type for a parameter or output to be of type resource to make it easier to pass resource references between modules. This feature is only partially implemented. See [Simplifying resource referencing](https://github.com/azure/bicep/issues/2245).

### `secureOutputs`

> Enables the secure decorator for outputs. This feature aims to enhance security and to improve user experience (https://github.com/Azure/bicep/issues/2163).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permits the usage of the `@secure()` decorator for module outputs. This feature must have also been enabled in your Azure subscription or tenant, or the deployment will fail. See [Add securestring support for template output type](https://github.com/Azure/bicep/issues/2163).
```
